add 02 tensor (#361)
Oneflow-Inc/oneflow-documentation: en/docs/basics/02_tensor.md

# TENSOR

> The data in the neural network is stored in tensors, which are similar to arrays and mathematical matrices. OneFlow provides a series of operators to operate on tensors. Tensors, together with operators, build up a neural network.

Author: 已修改

Tensors differs from regular multidimensional arrays in that they can run on AI chips（such as the Nvidia GPU）, as well as on CPU, thus increasing computing speed. In addition, OneFlow provides [Autograd](./05_autograd.md) which enable the Tensor to take derivatives automatically.

```python
import oneflow as flow
import numpy as np
```

## Creating Tensor
There are several ways to create tensors, including:

> - Create directly from data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create directly from raw data
```

Author: 已修改

- Create with NumPy array
- Created by an operator 
### Create directly from data
Tensors can be created directly from data:

```python
x1 = flow.tensor([[1, 2], [3, 4]])
x2 = flow.tensor([[1.0, 2.0], [3.0, 4.0]])
print(x1)
print(x2)
```

Out:
```text
tensor([[1, 2],
        [3, 4]], dtype=oneflow.int64)
tensor([[1., 2.],
        [3., 4.]], dtype=oneflow.float32)
```

> We can see the tensor `x1` and `x2` are created, whose data types are INT64 and FLOAT32 respectively.

Reviewer: 这里的类型用大写有什么深意吗，我中文版用小写，是想指代代码里的内容。

```suggestion
We can see the tensor `x1` and `x2` are created, whose data types are `int64` and `float32` respectively.
```

如果坚持要用大写也没问题，不过需要中英文版本统一，一起修改

Author: 已改成小写

### Create with NumPy array

> Tensors can be created from NumPy arrays, simply by passing the NumPy array as a parameter during the creation of the tensor object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tensors can be created from NumPy arrays, simply by passing the NumPy array as a parameter when the tensor object constructed.
```

Author: 已修改

```text
tensor([[1., 1., 1.],
        [1., 1., 1.]], dtype=oneflow.float64)
tensor([[0.6213, 0.6142, 0.1592],
        [0.5539, 0.8453, 0.8576]], dtype=oneflow.float64)
```

### Created by an operator 

There are also many operators available in OneFlow that you can use to create tensors. For example, [ones](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.ones#oneflow.ones), [zeros](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.zeros#oneflow.zeros) and [eye](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.eye#oneflow.eye) create all 1’s tensor, all 0’s tensor, and the unit tensor, respectively.

```python
x5 = flow.ones(2, 3)
x6 = flow.zeros(2, 3)
x7 = flow.eye(3)
print(x5)
print(x6)
print(x7)
```

Out:
```text
tensor([[1., 1., 1.],
        [1., 1., 1.]], dtype=oneflow.float32)
tensor([[0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0.]], dtype=oneflow.float32)
tensor([[1., 0., 0.],
        [0., 1., 0.],
        [0., 0., 1.]], dtype=oneflow.float32)
```

The [randn](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.randn#oneflow.randn) method creates a randomized tensor:

```python
x8 = flow.randn(2,3)

> print(x8)

Reviewer: 因为后面没带 out，感觉这个 print 可以去掉，你觉得呢？（如果可以去掉，那么中文版同步去掉）

Author: 好的，已同步去掉中午版和英文版

```

## The difference between `Tensor` and `tensor`
There are two interfaces([oneflow.Tensor](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/tensor.html?highlight=oneflow.Tensor#oneflow.Tensor) and [oneflow.tensor](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.Tensor#oneflow.tensor) ) in OneFlow, both of which can be used to create tensors. What’s the difference?

> Briefly speaking, the data type of `oneflow.Tensor` is limited to FLOAT32 by default, while the data type of `oneflow.tensor` can be changed when the data is created. The following code illustrates the difference:

Reviewer: 和上面的讨论一致，如果确认类型名大写，那么就合着中文版的一起修改下。

```python
print(flow.Tensor([1, 2, 3]))
print(flow.tensor([1, 2, 3]))
print(flow.tensor([1.0, 2.0, 3.0]))
```

Out:
```text
tensor([1., 2., 3.], dtype=oneflow.float32)
tensor([1, 2, 3], dtype=oneflow.int64)
tensor([1., 2., 3.], dtype=oneflow.float32)
```

> Besides, `oneflow.Tensor` can be created without specifying specific data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides, `oneflow.Tensor` can be created without specific data:
```

Author: 已修改

```python
x9 = flow.Tensor(2, 3)
print(x9.shape)
```

Out:
```text
flow.Size([2, 3])
```

> Therefore, use `oneflow.Tensor` to create a tensor if you do not want to specify the data type, otherwise, you should use `oneflow.tensor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, use `oneflow.Tensor` to create a tensor if you do not want to specify the data, otherwise, you should use `oneflow.tensor`.
```

原文的意思是，当不想指定具体数据时（不是数据类型），用大写 Tensor。我以上的建议修改应该也是还有问题的，想办法在优化下吧。

Author: 已改为`specify an explicit value`

## Attributes of Tensor

The `shape`, `dtype`, and `device` attributes of a tensor describe its shape, data type, and device type respectively.

```python
x9 = flow.randn(1,4)
print(x9.shape)
print(x9.dtype)
print(x9.device)
```

Out:
```text
flow.Size([1, 4])
oneflow.float32
cpu:0
```

> The output shows the shape, the data type, and the device (on CPU number 0, CPUs were numbered because OneFlow naturally supports distribution, see [Consistent Tensor](../parallelism/03_consistent_tensor.md)) of the tensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output shows the shape, the data type, and the device (on CPU number 0, CPUs were numbered because OneFlow naturally supports distribution, see [Consistent Tensor](../parallelism/03_consistent_tensor.md)) for more details.
```

tensor of tensor 冗余了

Author: 已修改

The shape of the tensor can be changed by the [reshape](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html?highlight=oneflow.reshape#oneflow.reshape) method, and the data type and device of the tensor can be changed by the [to](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/tensor.html?highlight=Tensor.to#oneflow.Tensor.to) method:

```
x10 = x9.reshape(2, 2)
x11 = x10.to(dtype=flow.int32, device=flow.device("cuda"))
print(x10.shape)
print(x11.dtype, x11.device)
```

Out:
```text
flow.Size([2, 2])
oneflow.int32 cuda:0
```

## Operations on Tensors

> A large number of operators are provided in OneFlow to operate on tensors, most of which are in the namespaces of [oneflow](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html), [oneflow.nn](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/nn.html), and [oneflow.nn.functional](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/functional.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A large number of operators about tensors are provided in OneFlow, most of which are in the namespaces of [oneflow](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html), [oneflow.nn](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/nn.html), and [oneflow.nn.functional](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/functional.html).
```

operation 和 operate 感觉重复了

Author: 改为了`A large number of operators are provided in OneFlow`
